This game is a gamble. You'll either have a near-life changing emotional experience and come out a changed person, or... you will be bored witless on an otherwise pretty walk on an island. I fell in the latter group unfortunately, and I cannot recommend this game.;
I want to call this game out as a pretentious piece of crap just so it draws out all the losers who love defending worthless walking simulators 

Put your fedora on "boys" and let me have it;
Sad walking simulator is sad.

Beautiful art, but a clear indicator that college arts majors should stay out of videogames.

3/10.;
All you do is walk around;

This game is ***** than Gone Home. And there's not even any ******* in this one.

It's clear that the devs' favorite hobby is masturbating to pictures of themselves.;
5deep7me the video game. In the immortal words of Sir Matthew Matosis: "This game has way too many ****ing words";
Pointless. No gameplay whatsoever;
This isn't a game. I'd be really angy if I hadn't got this in a Humble Bundle. As it is, I have it classified under "indie garbage".;
The fucc is this walking simulator sht get tf outta here;
Copying and pasting the dictionary definition of 'pretentious' here would hardly do justice to what a wad of nothing this "game" is.;
I spent more time masturbating between playing sessions that I did playing this game.;
Uninstalled this pretentious piece of trash after about half an hour of being bored out of my mind, including 10 minutes of repeatedly trying to drown myself in the sea the (depressed, can't even jump, *come back*) player character spawns right next to at the beginning. Promptly tried my hardest to purge the experience from my system. 

That was 4 years ago. And then I heard the devs throw a hissy fit about how refunding works, presumably because no one in their right mind actually wants to sit through their artsy-fartsy not-even-trying-to-tell-a-story???????and justify paying 10 USD for it.

Spend it on The Stanley Parable instead.;
I absolutely hate this "game". One just runs around an island while listening to some disembodied voice telling the story every now and then. I may haven't played it long enough to find the actual game but it really seems to be just that. A "walking simulator". I live in quite a pretty area by the sea. If I want to take a walk that's where I go. At least there I won't have to worry about voices speaking to me from above.;
Goethe did a better job (and lot of movies and books as well). It is not a game, it does not utilize almost anything from the narrative means of the computer game. It is very shallow and very ovverated.;
You walk around an island while some guy narrates to you. I walked to the end just to check, but that's it. The world is pretty, but not particularly interesting. There is no interactive elements, the levels are almost entirely linear and the slow walking speed discouraged me from exploring anyway. The narrated story is meant to make you question the reality of the island you are seeing, but mostly just didn't make sense to me.;
This is the sole member of my "Waste of time" category. Mediocre environments, heavy and self-indulgent prose read at you, complete lack of direction and far too slow a walking pace. Play just about anything else over this.;
This is not a game its a walking simulator. Its 1.4 hours of a guy walking around an island ranting to himself about Damascus. Nothing happens until the end where you turn into a type of feathered creature and fly away to Damascus. I was left more confused at this ending, than the ending to Evangelion.;
Sleeping is a better idea than playing this boring and pretentious load of hogwash.;
The score is amazing and though I like both visuals and story it couldn't possibly save me from the brain aneurysm I inevitably got every single time I opened up the game to rediscover just how f-ing slow a game can create a character to move.;
Honestly, there is no real content or gameplay here. Hold down W, move the mouse a bit, and wait for the cement-shoed player character to arrive at the next event. And even better than that, if you try to explore the area, you can get out of sight from the golden Navi and have no idea where to proceed. You can also go totally out-of-sequence in many parts, leading to a lot of overly redundant storytelling. Really, there's no point to this. Watch a playthrough on youtube or something. This game just isn't worth it, in any way.;
I like a nice walk in the country side, just like most peaople, but this is just plain boring. Ive played this game - or should I say followed this game beacuse there is no gameplay so far - for a couple of hours and it is just you waliking around a village listening to a few ghosts having a chat. BORING. Great graphics though. Money back please.;
Horribly boring. Very much a 'walking simulator' and not 'adventure'. Incredibly slow -- you can spend hours touring and not progress much in the storyline, which I did not find at all compelling. After an hour, the program crashed (top of the line PC specs, no reason for that). Can't recommend this to anyone not intending to waste their time.;
HORRIBLE!
Just wandering around listening to people talk does not qualify as a game.;
Walk listen walk listen walk listen walk listen..zzzzzzzzzzzzz Not even a good story.;
Don't have the time to walk at a snail's pace through the game. Story is slow and doesn't develop fast enough. The visuals and audio are great but the payoff isn't there.;
I really wanted to love this game but i just can't play i have spent 50 minutes just visiting around 8 houses why because ur slower than a ****ing sloth it takes to long which is a sad thing especially since it has good music and amazing graphics and a good story to tell developers shouldn't be scared to make a game short look at inside around less than 5 hours yet critically acclaimed if u don't mind walking like a 80 year old and spend a lot of times just looking at the scenery than be my guest but for me imma just youtube the ending;
The trailer makes this look like a great game, but that's just because it IS a pretty interesting story.

However the game buries this story in a bunch of stuff you won't care about, and makes you crawl from one plot point you don't care to another. Granted, the music is fantasic, and the graphics are really beautiful. If it was just a little faster and easier to navigate, I'd certainly recoomend this game.;
Definitely a full-on walking simulator, with ultimately very little to see or do. People who would enjoy this kind of thing will probably get a lot more out of titles like Journey, ABZU, and Refunct.;
As an experiment with the boundaries of games, great. As a game? It's not a game.

I got it in a Humble Bundle. Fun to try if it's free.;
An interesting game idea, but in the end, it's just boring...;
Walking simulator. No objectives or tutorial of what controls are at your disposal. You just show up on a pixelated island.;
Seems more like a student project than a $10 game. Might be worth your time if it was free.... maybe. There are much better games for relaxing than this.;
I just didn't like it at all, there was absolutely no structure whatsoever and really no game, it's better described as a sandbox tech demo for Unreal Engine 4 and in that regards it's fantastic because it's a truly beautiful game with some of the best visuals I've ever seen, and the audio was great as well. It just wasn't fun, and even though it was so short I was already sick of it by the end.;
The most pointless "game" ever foisted on an unsuspecting purchaser. You'll be more entertained watching molasses drip down the side of a jar.;
All build up no pay off. Has an excellent first half but clearly the writers failed near the end.;
A lack luster experience. It is another simplistic annoying and overrated Walking Simulator disguised as some sort of narrative driven game that leads to absolutely nowhere in the end of your playthrough. Another dime a dozen game that should not even be called a game and should never have a price tag of 20 dollars.;
Only 5 hours of gameplay? A hanging ending? I should have bought Life is Strange 2 instead of this. My money would have been spent so much better.;